My country just got wiped out by a massive typhoon but our neighborhoods don't look that much worse.
The only thing my son wants for his birthday is air conditioning
It turns out that my heroin was 95% mud.
The damn UN is trying to remove the mines from my soccer field.
My sponsor family sent me a photo of their new born baby. it weighs more than me. I'm 30.
Chinese show, in French, on National Television.
The goat stepped on a landmine and now I can't have sex.
I want to have sex with my sister but she has aids.
The fastest access I have to water and food is heaven.
All the good athletes from my country partake in the most boring sport, marathon running.
My ramen noodles sat in the bowl too long and are now bloated and cold.
The Americans are coming to liberate us.
Only children get the best jobs; prostitute, munitions factory worker, drug mule, soldier, minesweeper, coal miner. The list goes on!
A car bomb is not a type of drink in my country.
Assad promised that I could behead the next Christian, but today that selfish asshole took all the glory for himself.
A picture of me was featured on a foreign newspaper.
The local women find my facial hair to be less than desirable but I would have to sell my goat in order to afford a razor
Someone always calls me when I'm up in a tree.
The building I work in collapsed and now I'm out of work.
The soccer field is now a minefield. FML.
Dear Leader wants to bomb the US, but they're doing a better job of blowing themselves up than we could ever hope to do ourselves.
I live in Mecca and I want to open a gay bar in my area for people to drink Milo and make gay. But alas I am poor because of King Abdulaziz. How do I bring my dream to fruition?
I confused Dear Leader's greatness with Great Leader's dearness. Now I am in a labor camp.
Foreign women have unreasonable expectations of my penis size because of my skin color.
The Western press refuses to present the thriving middle- and upper-class citizens of my African country.
My fifth wife is being a real whiner ever since she found out my second wife's cage has a window and straw on the floor.
I can't sleep with all the AK-47 fire just outside the cow-skin flap entrance to my mud hut.
My village got an internet speed upgrade to 45kb/s!
I've had malaria 3 times and can't whore my body out to sell blood or plasma.
My preteen daughter was disfigured by an acid attack, now I can't whore her out to rich tourists so we can eat.
My beard annoys me but if I shave I will be stoned to death.
I need a new cow, but this one has great gas mileage.
I thought it was a great deal trading that large, shiny rock for a herd of cattle, but they've got some kind of disease and are running in circles.
We were just air-dropped soap and though I want to use it I'm nervous because it's called "Ethnic Cleansing."
I have to speak three languages to work at our McDonald's.
I can't afford one of those penny blood tests
A month has passed since the death squad took my father, and I am beginning to suspect that they did more than just question him.
A top trader at Nigeria's biggest donkey market is kidnapped, police say, leading to it closing for several hours.
I don't want to wish anything for my birthday but if i don't I am sure that I will get only crap.
I live in Detroit
My grandson defected to South Korea.
I got stoned and now am about to be stoned.
The assault rifle we use to execute political prisoners jammed, and now we have to use pistols.
This crazy redhead came to my village and started doing videos with the animals for some commercial?
The men in my village got smart about the anti-rape condom. Now they just check for them with fingers first, then put them on themselves inside-out.
The anti rape condom was dubbed "inhumane" by rich white journalists, now no shops will sell them.
All the construction jobs are going to Chinese companies and Chinese workers. They literally took our jobs.
No one believes me when I tell them aid is destroying our country.
I was driving and I almost hit a herd of donkeys crossing the road.
I've already deflowered over 72 virgins, so the idea of religious matyrdom isn't appealing anymore.
I just walked through a huge spider web but I can't find the spider. Guess I'm going hungry again today.
We can't celebrate our Independence Day because we don't have independence
It's my Birthday and my family is dead.
My brother made Staff Sergeant before me, and he's only 8!
Just saw the opening ceremony to the Olympics, it looks really good!
A lion ate my lunch on the way to school.
my village is having a water shortage, so I have to pee and bathe in the single shared village bucket.
I insult our Dear Leader, and I get shot. The white man insults out Dear Leader, and he merely gets banned from r/Pyongyang.
I was chased by a lion this morning, now the white man wants to send me to some kind of Olympic Games.
We can't give any tech support to the Americans because the power's out here in India.
GUESS THE COUNTRY: Artillery shells are raining down upon my city, and a Russian flagged ship has sailed into port with more weapons for the government.
I was bitten by a mosquito. *sigh* I had a good life.
Someone posted a thread asking what people were jealous of in other countries, say he was jealous of Korea's Internet speeds. I'd settle for water.
Posting on social networking sites from my village
Sometimes I wake up and think my life sucks but then I realize I don't live in America.
I live in Mexico and EPN is becoming the new president
Tourists keep asking me if I was in the kony 2012 army...
I wasted all my AK-47 bullets firing into the air at a funeral march yesterday.
I don't have enough money to buy a pack of gum from this dirty barefoot 6 year old children.
Minecraft is a serious and deadly mine-clearing operation in my country.
my sheep /wife died yesterday...I miss her
My crops failed so now my goats need to be put down to keep enough food for my family.
My friends sniff low quality glue making me look stupid to hang out with them
I can't sell my sister for 300 camels because apparently it's illegal...
I already do most of the things mentioned in /r/Frugal by default. How do I save money?
I don't weigh enough for my chair to go down when I pull the handle that makes it do that.
I live in a third world country but I have first world problems and there's no subreddit where I can post them.
We poop out worms everyday but never get any karma for it.
Due to technical errors in my camel licence application, I have been wrongfully imprisoned. But I am not the son of an ex-dictator, so the world has forgotten about me.
I have only one pillow which I must share with my wife and my three children and our beloved family goat. I have not yet learned to flip the pillow to the cool side without waking the goat.
My whole family is wearing Kansas 2012 National Championship shirts.
I didn't get maternity leave
I have to murder a loved one because they're the devil.
he survived...
Hunger is not a game to me.
After a viral video, the US wants to shut down the only daycare facility in the village :(
Me and my friends were going to give the local nerd a swirley, but then we remembered we didn't have any toilets in our village
I want to ride my third-hand bike to the store tomorrow but I have to dig up my garden by hand before the coming rains. Also, I live in Ohio.
our village has been invaded by a film crew trying to stop kony
Brad and Angie keep adopting my children. Now i have no-one to force into prostitution
National Geographic published topless photos of my wife.
90% of the soldiers in my militia are under the age of 14
Due to hyperinflation we now use $10,000,000,000 notes as toilet paper, but they are not as absorbent as the $10,000,000 notes we used to have.
GUESS THE COUNTRY: after a decades-long dictatorship, the leader passed the baton to his dictatorial son. then we got a conga line of hurricanes, an earthquake and a cholera outbreak.
I'm about to be killed by the US because of some viral video.
My village has running water. Once a week. On Sundays. At 6am. For one hour. Unfortunately I forgot about the change to daylight saving this week.
I am living next to a large petrol pipeline. People are here all hours of the day and night also they do not respect the No Smoking signs.
The hole in my bucket has grown larger.
I am in my car stopped at a red traffic light. Some children are doing gymnastics and juggling tennis balls, but they are not as good as the children that were here yesterday.
My goat stepped on a landmine and now we have no food
I have an empty Pepsi bottle, but it is less prestigious than the empty Coca Cola bottle that Kemra son of the chief has.
My bucket is slightly larger than other people's buckets, and I feel awkwardly selfish when standing in the queue to get water from the village well.
I gave my first chiefly speech today. As is the tribal custom, everyone laughed, but not as loudly as I hoped they would.
The little green laptop didn't change my world.
My water filter that Bill Gates sent me is full of sand after using it for a couple years. Don't know how to get in touch with him for a new one
My country just got Harry potter... The sorcerers stone
There's a hole in my bucket..
I have to get out of bed because men are here to take my father
Today it was very hard to find water and it was a terrible day also I do not have legs
Stranded American fighter pilots are always trying to hide out in my village, and I am running out of soup.
I'm trying to find a good terrorist cell to join, but all of them keep moving across the border before I can show up to a meeting...
Some terrorists fired mortars from my backyard and the counter-battery fire destroyed my whole house!
They featured me on Hoarders because I have 3 cows.
i just read "I live so close to a Dominos that they refuse to deliver" in firstworldproblems and realized that in my town we have no Dominos
I read "Les Misérables" and realized that is the story of my life...
I have been riding a brand new bicycle and the village gossip is that I have a small penis.
i recieved a valentine's card from a boy i like and now father is accusing us of adultery and will kill me after he discusses the shame i brought him with the family elders
A man's beating his wife and the screaming is keeping me up.
My terrorist cell was going to detonate a car bomb in front of the American embassy in our country today, but if we did none of their news channels would report it because they are covering the Witney Houston death.
First worlders have lost interest in /r/thirdworldproblems because they are too busy complaining about having too much food/sex/money on /r/firstworldproblems.
I got more 'Patriots Super Bowl Champions' gear
My favorite flavor of mud-cake just went out of season.
I'm the only one in my country to listen to the new Elvis music broadcast on the radio.. Everyone else listens to the Beatles..
The landmine I stepped on Wasn't defective
Wondering why Americans call 'real life' 'man vs. wild'
Some guy called Bear came to our village and eat my goat's balls.
So last night I awoke to a giant slug crawling out of my ear
I am a powerful politician. I want to join the bandwagon and try to censor my country's internet, but my country doesn't have internet.
The cost of weed is cheaper than food..
My car got stolen again last night
This man came to my village with food and supplies, but he made me pose for a picture with a sign that said "Thank You Reddit!" He said if he didn't get enough karma that he wouldn't give us food. What's karma?
The guy I rob/machete when bored just built a wall made of gold around his house.
the americans just discovered oil in our country and now want to liberate us from our beloved dictator
Rush Limbaugh just popped another Viagra.
Inception only premiered last night
If it rains, my house will be destroyed. If it doesn't rain, I will die of dehydration.
Crocodile exterminators charge too much
Kiva wont loan me the money to expand my cocaine farm
My country is too new to appear in spellcheck
After 7 months, saved up for suit and shoes. Still have to cross 5 km of mud to wait at station for ox cart to arrive for work.
I cant fit enough heroin filled condoms in my rectum to get a job as a drug mule.
I have to pretend I'm English for my job in the call centre...
Piracy isn't as fun as I thought it would be.
My brother just got completely stoned, so now my whole family is dead.
I'm considering becoming a suicide bomber for my extremist religion, but I'm worried that the 72 virgins I'm promised might not all be young females.
I forgot my bribe money at home
It's my cake day but Papa doesn't have enough rubles for potatoes or stale bread, let alone a cake.
Finally got a job for $2 a month, but now I'm addicted to heroin which costs me $4 a month
I didn't have any straw for my hut, so I had to make it out of mud.
I finally got some shoes, but the dirt is too soft and I can't crunch pine cones effectively.
I broke my favorite stick.
i have to spend 12 hours a day in sweat shop making packers jerseys even though im a bears fan
My girlfriend is also mad at me and I don't know why.
I cannot relate to any of the problems in this subreddit because they are submitted by people living in the first world
It saddens me that there are so many places in the world in areas where there is nice weather all year round and you can't go there for holidays because of some stupid warlords and people living there who can't put their shit together.
The guy at the missionary said that I have to wear clothes.
Ron Artest changing his name did nothing to better the state of my country
A dingo ate my baby girl, and now I have to find someone else to raise for prostitution.
I got hired to answer questions for people who call in about electronic products I have never used.
Getting stoned to death isn't nearly as fun as it sounds
I can't be concerned about SOPA because my country's government already censors the internet.
I can't boycott anything because I can't afford it anyways.
Bob Geldof said he'd feed the world. I'm still hungry
tourists keep trying to take their picture with me because they think i was the star of slumdog millionaire
Christmas Dinner.
I got AIDS for Christmas this year
I got introduced to a girl who I have to marry but her sister is much hotter.
The director said I don't look emaciated enough to get a job as an extra in those save the children commercials.
A bunch of rich Americans lent me money through Kiva and now I have to pay them back.
I already bought a bottle of Hennessy as a christmas present for my Dear Leader, but now he is dead.
At my doctor's checkup, in the section inquiring about family illness history, I wrote "landmines".
My final toe poked out my broken shoes.
ive been sentenced to death for not crying loudly enough upon hearing news of the dear leader's passing
GOD SAVE US ALL THE DEAR LEADER IS DEAD!
I just got a new T-Shirt. I Can't believe the Texas Rangers won the world series again!
I had my penis superglued by my government
My entire family has to spend the next 15 years in a work camp because the secret police caught my uncle with a satellite dish
The village I lived in was burned down by rebels. No one cares.
The police wont investigate my family's murder because they are all too busy still trying to find natalie holloway
I was paid with a $20 for cleaning a windshield and the guy wants his change.
rich american celebrities keep trying to kidnap children from our village
All the holes in my belt are too loose.
the local militia thinks im too ugly to gang rape
I'm Albino
Went to Rape, Already Raped
For every upvote over the next five hours, I will execute one political prisoner.
My mother is 12 years older than me.
I have to put my face in a bucket of Fire Ants to prove my worth to my father.
The animal living in my ceiling is more comfortable than I am
My best friend is being forced to marry an extremely rich man who's very nice to her. True story.
Some white guy keeps bugging me, about selling "my story" in exchange for antibiotics.
Those damn kids keep storming my embassy
I do not know what a street sign is
They drove me in a non air-conditioned Toyota to identify the bodies.
I'd like to marry my sister-in-law but one of the wives won't give me the permission.
I got this great Abercrombie &amp; Fitch half-shirt fro the UN van, but I still felt the sticks under me when I was gang raped while going for water.
Today I lost my blackberry.
No one believes that I'm actually a Nigerian Prince and I only need $50,000 USD to access my $300,000,00.00 inheritance.
We tried to occupy the city like they do in wall street, but the general just laughed and told his soldiers to kill everyone.
My drinking water has more E. coli than my own feces
Just lost a hand fighting a hiena over a 1 week old zebra corpse.
GUESS THE COUNTRY is back: Our president is a kleptomaniac, but since the country exports oil the west turns a blind eye.
I wanted to try Ethiopian food, so I left Ethiopia to go to an Ethiopian restaurant in America.
I saw a picture of the occupy protestors in America. Now I'm jealous of how rich they area and how much larger their tents are than my mud hut.
I murdered an albino and ate his heart but my AIDS didn't go away.
Some rich white asshole, who is on a two-year sabbatical, keeps trying to haggle down my prices from 5 rupees to 4.
The witch doctor needs two baby's eyes for the spell to enlarge my penis, but my kid only has one eye left.
Missionaries brought us grain and water but they won't give us any unless we accept Jesus as our lord and savior.
My daughter was gang raped so we had to kill her for the shame she brought to my family. Now I can't sell her into slavery anymore.
As a virgin, I have the ability to cure someone of AIDS. The bad thing, everyone wants to rape me.
My neighbor cursed all of my goats, so I had to throw them out.
I had a craving for falafel so I sent my wife to the market where she got blown up.
What does it mean "smile"?
First world problems take all the upvotes and leave none for me.
I fail at mothering. My sixth consecutive child has just died at childbirth, and I cannot afford my uncle's concoctions anymore. Am also too old (17) to hope for a new job.
I have access to the internet but not enough food or water.
i just gave birth the most beautiful baby girl. My husband is now going to kill me as i failed to bear him a baby boy.
White People
GUESS THE COUNTRY #6: Australians keep coming to our clubs, we tried bombing them twice but it didn't stop them.
I'm told to guess the country, but I don't even own an atlas, let alone posses a newspaper to tell me about what's happening in the world.
GUESS THE COUNTRY #4: By the time you finish reading this sentence, inflation will have doubled.
Today my friend tricked me, I thought he had a "leppard" in his basement.
GUESS THE COUNTRY #5: I'm a US Embassy worker and someone stole one of our vans!
My tribe is sacrificing me to their god.
I keep getting awoken by the call to prayer from the mosque.
GUESS THE COUNTRY #3: My countrymen think that rotting away in a river makes it sacred.
I had to wait for the rain to stop for the internet to work fast enough to load Reddit.
I can't Karma whore because we don't use fortune cookies in China
GUESS THE COUNTRY #2: While democracy movements are being squashed, the royal family tools around London in a Bugatti Veyron.
THIRD WORLD PROBLEM #1: We have the world's tallest building but no sewage system.
Internet speed in the US.
I'm trying to quash a rebellion but NATO keeps launching air strikes on the mercenaries that I hired.
There's no food in my house or my village.
I'm not sure, but I think I just ate poop.
In America, all that happens when you get raped is you lose your health insurance. Here, you get sentenced to death.
I need to go to a hospital.
The U.N. Peacekeepers just shot and killed my brother.
The chief of my village thinks I am a witch, and took my jar of novelty chicken talons as evidence.
People here still use ICQ!
Genocide
I went trick or treating in my village but all I got was soil...and then an ascaris infection after eating the soil
My organs are about to be harvested because I practise Falun Gong.
Russia and China keep vetoing sanctions against the autocratic regime because they have oil investments in the country.
We're getting suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations because of undemocratic practices
We have no equivalent for the verb "to be" so learning English difficult.
I also got beat as a teen, I don't get any karma for it because I can't afford a video camera.
I had to kill my brother because the warlord ordered me to, but on the bright side I got to eat him afterwards
I traded my daughter for a goat last week, but I just found out the goat has cancer.
My slave handler is way meaner than the other slave handlers.
The kids down the road keep eating my house
The bushes around my house dried in the drought. now everyone can see while i poop.
I'm really, really hungry.
When I tell my friend where i am from, they only think about a cartoon and Pandemic 2
My mother just died so the UN peacekeepers need someone new to rape.
We thought that we had a revolution in my country, but then it turned out to be a military coup.
The pope cut off my villages condom supply, and now the AIDS epidemic is much more serious.
the chinese slaves on my oil fields were attacked by a fanatical islamist militia.
A lion ate my foot, making it impossible for me to play "Footrock" with my friends.
I'm a politician and I'm not sure whether to take a bribe from BP, Shell or Exxon.
The former centralized colonial administration was turned into a messy independent state, and now indigenous tribes feud among each other for sole control of the country
Does this make my ribs look big?
I told the witch doctor I was in love with you. He said nothing.
The local well was taken over by armed militia, and now we have to line up at gunpoint and pay a lot of money to get a bucket of water.
I need to get up in the middle of the night to pee, but I'm worried I might step on the goat.
My car is a 35-year-old Corolla.
I need to shower but there is no running water.
My surname is pronounced Segwaale, but it’s spelled Sexwale
I actually have a good amount of money, so first world people think I'm a drug lord.
A swarm of locusts decimated our crops. Now we're eating our seed corn, but that's only prolonging our misery by a few weeks.
Shit, I'm kind of hungry.
I got hit by a car but there wasn't a video of it with 19 apathetic onlookers so nobody cares
I'm permanently stuck in the first floor of Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs.
American Aid has proven counter-productive but it is enforced to exploit my countries low-cost resources but I can't read lol
Reddit thinks white people don't stay in third world countries.
People on the internet are making fun of serious problems that affect my family and me.
i keep raping virgins to cure my aids but i think they're sluts because its not working
I put my foot in the wrong place and the ground fucking exploded. There hasn't even been any wars here for the past 23 years but we are still dying as a result.
I accidentally *liked* the Facebook page of a competing tribe. Our shaman says I am to be immolated.
Last year I thought the Steelers won the Super Bowl.
My daughter turned out to be a spoiled bitch. Yesterday she came to me and asked for 2 cents to go shopping.
I have to pay to use the bathrooms because I'm white. They'd be free if I was indigenous.
As a man-eating lion, I fear the diseases I might contract with each meal.
I can't find my Zune.
I don't have an iPhone (or any smart phone) so I have to use my laptop when I use the toilet.
My wife is fucking our rich neighbour so we can feed our kids but the moaning noises coming from his hut are keeping our kids up.
I live in Southeastern Ohio.
The bones of an Albino child did not cure my malaria.
Shell Oil paid militants to kill my peoples.
I've created and sent several art works to a british art agency for scholarship (while i was in the final stages of esophageal cancer) and it all turned out to be a scam !
Americans are becoming suspicious that I am not truly a Nigerian with a dead, rich relative.
I got cut, and it will be weeks before I drink enough water to replenish the blood. In the meantime, I will be too weak to hunt, and my family is going to starve.
My water receptacle broke just as I got home now I make the 13km trip again
I dropped my only coin in the sand. It's gone.
My sons so spoiled he never worked a day in his life...he died at the age of 3
I'm driving behind someone who keeps stopping at all of the intersections for some reason.
I had to walk 10 miles for water and some asshole followed me with a T.V camera.
My water is 70% poop and my poop is 70% water.
My wife used voodoo on me and got me to let her leave the house.
I make $2700 a year, have no government assistance, and raise 3 goats. I am the 1%.
I have to mail a letter but I can't read or write
My arrow got stuck inside the antelope and I'm too hungry and weak to pull it out.
Bank of America charges people more per month than my family makes to use their debit cards.
I found a hole in my mosquito net.
My fiancé, who lives in Australia, got herself put on the no fly list in order to get out of our arranged marriage in Lebanon.
I have to stay up all night on tiger watch.
The flies land on my face. I swat, then they come back. I swat, and they come back.
I have to murder my daughter because of her cleft palate.
I'm covered in soot.
My dad went out to find water and hasn't returned. My mother is dying of thirst and can't produce milk for my baby sister.
I had measles, mumps, and rubella.
I don't have enough women in my harem to form a voting block in our municipal elections. Thanks, Abduallah.
i bit off my nails and now i cant scratch myself where all the mosquitoes bit me
I have to kill myself to get 72 virgins
We have a mosquito problem. I have to sit next to a steam valve and open it to clear the area.
Our country doesn't have any scientists to blame our earthquakes on.
My country has become one of the most hated nations in the world.
My country isn't allied to neither Soviet nor NATO powers.
The UN does not recognize my country.
People think I'm Indian, when really I'm Pakistani
I'm a vulture and this kid just died, but he didn't really have any meat on him.
I broke my throwing arm yesterday. Guess I'm gonna starve to death.
The US visa charges cost me two months of my wages.
My country has been banned from /r/firstworldproblems
I got a broadband with a speed of 1 mbps but have a monthly 200 mb data transfer limit.
Someone told me to drill holes in my roof for plastic bottle solar lighting, now my roof is leaking and I will freeze to death in the winter
I sold everything I had for a cheap nonrefundable air-ticket to USA.
My first world sponsor thinks I'm ugly.
Rich white people joke about my daily suffering to gain meaningless points
The village witch doctor sacrificed my dog, there goes my supper.
My shaman won't make same day appointments
The monkeys outside my office are too loud. I can't get any work done.
My wife turned 15 and she is no longer strong on plow.
I was gang raped and now I'm facing execution for adultery.
My wife is pregnant with a girl, but we can't afford a coat hanger.
My gang has been cut off from the main force of the army so I can't get my Brown Brown and I am having withdrawals.
I was just voted number 1 on the list for top Vagabonds 2011.
I wanted to quit an addiction but I don't have running water.
My country has no free healthcare.
Fighting in the civil war is less fun now that I'm going through puberty.
My choleric neighbor vomited in the well we just built. Better drink my own piss...
My camel is pregnant and doesn't want to get an abortion
I found money on the ground, but while I was bending over to pick it up it devalued.
My children are cold and starving.
You know what they say; It's better to have water and no grain than grain and no water.
I just killed a mosquito the size of a dog, only problem is the family has had mosquito for dinner 6 days in a row.
My tapeworm is fatter than I am.
It rained today and wiped away my mud house.
Europe decided to replace our democratic government with a puppet government because we were getting uppity about our oil.
I have dial-up :(
I cannot afford to buy a pair of designer shoes that I spend 18 hours a day making.
My cousin won't put out
Welcome to the Jungle does not accurately depict life in a tropical rainforest.
firstworlders told me to put the condom on a broom handle. now I have aids
Someone took a photo of me and stole my soul.
My Ak47 isn't made entirely of gold
My teeth are rotting from drinking Coca Cola, but dental treatment would cost just under 13 times my annual income.
I hate having to always separate the gunpowder from my coke.
I can't walk to school without passing by burning dog corpses.
I agree with this comic- what is full? I am so hungry.
Spotify isn't available in my country
I speak zulu, venda, sotho, a little bit of french and portuguese, 3 dialects but I can't speak english
The rebels won't take me with them because I was disfigured in the attacks they led on my village.
TIL water is supposed to be both odorless and tasteless. I have never witnessed this.
The dictator's clothes don't fit me.
The donated t-shirt is too big, even over my distended stomach.
I've just looted $3,595 bottle of scotch from my nation's former dictator, but drinking here is still illegal and punishable by desert exile.
Missionaries won't leave me alone...
We've toppled the rich family that once ruled our land so now we're ALL equally poor.
I got a VHS player for my birthday but the rewind button doesn't work!
Brangelina is not adopting any of my 15 children
I make 10,000 Cambodian riel a day. That's 2 US dollars.
The missionaries keep telling us condoms spread HIV. Now I have 5 children who are starving to death.
Despite my best efforts my tan is not washing off.
The candidate I wanted to vote for in the upcoming national elections has been kidnapped and shot in the head, blindfolded and execution style.
The richest man in our village was going to marry my 14 year old daughter, but he just cancelled the wedding because he found a wife that is two years younger.
I have 32 wives, but not enough ploughs
I dug a hole with my hands to poop, but someone used this spot before. My yearly bath was last week.
My government wants to impose a White Tax
My neighbor had two wives, so I have none :(
My shack was knocked over by a 7.0 earthquake this afternoon but the Americans are too busy assessing a crack in the Washington monument to notice.
I just played solitare with real cards and when I won they didn't bounce everywhere.
Bono.
My rival administered bribes to the mining director to give him the 18 hour shift while I'm stuck with the 16 hour one. FML.
I'm Still Alive
Anyone with emotional issues are not treated differently here.
I'm still angry that my development was cancelled and the developer arrested.
I was digging a hole to plant some flowers when, out of nowhere, my shovel flew out of my hands in an unexplainable manner.
When my country's national team competes in the Olympics or World Cup, we can say blatant instructions to each other because no other country understands our language.
I just learned that the Canucks did not win the 2011 Stanley Cup, which means my new shirt lied to me.
I couldn't afford balloons for my daughter's birthday party, so I had to blow up government-issue condoms instead.
I live in Tasmania.
The only source of fresh water for hundreds of miles is controlled by the ethnic group that's massacring mine.
Angry mobs keep on singing that they want to kill me
The US aid cargo plane got shot down so now we don't even get rice for two weeks.
My volunteering placement in Phnom Penh was cancelled as the NGO got suspended for pissing off the elites too much
I can't afford a freezer therefore I can't make ice soap.
This guy is the biggest celebrity to ever come out of my country
After fighting rebels all day, the grain reserves were infested with mice and now we have to eat our own dead soldiers to survive. AMA.
I have 720 rips in my item of clothing.
I have diarrhoea. I've put my affairs in order.
I am learn english from the book.
I accidentally double clicked a link, my neighbour thought I was talking to him.
I'm too short to be seen as a desirable male, yet I'm too tall to be adopted by Brangelina.
I found a Coke bottle in the Kalahari last week, and now my tribe is experiencing ideas of guilt, jealousy and greed.
I wish I lived in Detroit.
I live in Wisconsin
My mother's prostitution did not bring in enough to send me to primary school, so I have to marry an 80-year-old man.
My friend has fewer flies buzzing around his face then I do
My beer costs 2-3 times what it does in US/Europe
I got bit by an asp, but my village shaman won't treat me because he says this will "make me a man"
There's no room for me to hang of the side on the train to Delhi.
I'm hungry but I have to wait until Ramadan fast is over before I can eat
The e-mail donkey is late again
I live in the Congo, and have a 7 inch penis. But I also have AIDS.
I lost my right hand when playing with a landmine so now I can't wipe my ass properly any more
My government wants to take my land without compensation
Just found out that the river isn't the toilet.
My cart broke.
My country has the hottest and most sexually liberated women in the world, but they only go for white tourists.
I've just discovered that in some countries water is so abundant it literally falls from the sky.
All of the other child soldiers have machine guns, and all I got was this crummy little machete.
My government's debt rating was downgraded
America.
I'm stuck in a factory making the ipad 4 but I don't know how to use one. FML.
My child didn't have any horrifying health problems, so they wouldn't put him in the feed the children commercial.
I took a carrot from my neighbor's hut and now the village chieftain wants to chop of my hands.
Me and my wife's 7 children have all starved to death due to the drought in Somalia. This is the second time it's happened!
The slavers refused to buy my children.
I am perpetually trapped in the bottom of the Hierarchy of Needs pyramid.
Today I was raped by the town bully, while my half brother ran away to find his blue kite.
My wife is now infertile at the old age of 13 and I'm not rich enough to trade her in for a younger version.
I find it difficult to drink 1-2 cups of water per day.
I find it difficult to drink 6-8 cups of water a day.
My slut of a daughter tried to elope with a boy of a different ethnicity. They've been sent to prison, but the the government keeps stalling their execution.
Here in Ethiopia there is no such thing as Ethiopian cuisine.
My wife died birthing our 4th child today.
There are no TVs in my slum so I have no chance to get on a gameshow
my goat broke down, so now i'm forced to walk anywhere i go...
My aids has caught aids
I signed up with my local warlord and now i am addicted to drugs. And rape. Also i am 8
Pretentious people on reddit are spamming /r/firstworldproblems everywhere but it doesn't actually help me. What can i do?
If I could grab some of the diamonds I'm mining I could feed my family for a lifetime, but if I take it my boss will cut my hand off.
My AK-47 jammed again
My Mom irons and beats my breasts so boys won't find me attractive and have sex with me.
I only have 3 wives. I feel deprived.
Brangelina just adopted my son, now all I have is my daughter
America has decided to "free" my country and now we subsist mainly on handouts
I don't have any underwear
White people are too busy telling me what my problems are to listen to my concerns.
No me enseñaron inglés y no entiendo Reddit.
There is a world class hospital my city, but if I ever get sick they will let me die because I am too poor (x-post for /r/firstworldproblems)
My parents are making me marry my 50 year old cousin
Last year my family took up pirating. Today my father and uncle were shot and killed by the US Navy.
None of the girls I went to high school with grew up
I want to go outside, but I don't want to get malaria.
Raping refugees isn't fun any more.
I want to design a logo for r/thirdworldproblems, but the rebels cut off my fingers when I failed to kill my parents.
A huge tapeworm came out of my ass today, aid workers told me I couldn't eat it. I am so hungry.
My country used to be a superpower, now our idiot politicians are talking about defaulting on our debt.
the malware on the aid-funded netbook i was given downloaded gay pornography and i am being stoned to death
the International Monetary Fund is making my country's debt relief contingent on accepting draconian neo-liberal economic policies and privatizing the state tin mining industry for the benefit of western capitalists
mis profesores no me enseñó Inglés, porque soy una chica
My 6 year old son is one of the few child soldiers in our village that hasn't seen combat yet, I'm beginning to get embarrassed.
My country's chief export is malaria.
My toddler won't learn how to smoke to garner media attention.
My country just started airing "Seinfeld". What's all this "Breaking Bad" hysteria?
The snake I caught is too small to feed my entire family.
If I don't build an expensive train to benefit European enterprises, they will sell arms to rebels in Western Sahara.
I am trying to enter Australia illegally but boat keeps sinking
My country has an average fertility rate of 12.7. DAMMIT Hajar, are you pregnant AGAIN!?
I made a light by filling a bottle with water, now I don't have water
Last month i saw myself on National Geographic cover, yet I haven't been paid a single penny.
I coughed too loudly and the local godspeaker cursed me with wracking, indescribable pain for 13 newsuns.
I prayed for rain but God gave us a flood and destroyed my sorghum crops, drowned my goat and ruined our only road to town
I got beat out by 13 candidates for a prestigious government job sweeping streets because my PhD degree was from Ohio State University.
Another bus went off the side of the road and into the ravine. Have to wait tomorrow for the next bus into town.
My family passed away in the latest epidemic and I inherited the village stick.
I was squatting to go to relieve my bowels and lost my balance.
I was forced to marry and pay a dowry for the goat I raped. Now my wife has died:(
Attorneys are suing Chiquita Banana out of business. I have no other job I can work.
I'm 9 years old and I'm going through my midlife crisis.
The stupid humane society came into my village took all our dogs away for something called a commercial. Now we're starving again.
My goat just wet my bed.
I fell off a mule today and broke my arm. My dad is making me work tomorrow anyways.
My three year old son fell off a mule. Luckily he was ok and can get back to work tomorrow.
A boy fell off me today, he'll probably do it again tomorrow. FML
Rebels took my son and now I'm in trouble with the government because some celebrity wanted him
The government tore down my house to make a well. So I had to build another one from scratch with straw. FML.
The hand I use to eat is the same one I use to wipe myself.
I have a university degree but can only be employed in a technical support call center
I lost my soul to a photographer.
I studied medicine for 7 years but need to go back and study nursing in order to find employment
Today I failed my rite of passage and will never become a man. Now I'll be forever alone. FML
I had to eat my pet dung beetle to be able to poop food for my other pet dung beetle.
A missionary asked me how I could be happy without Jesus in my life.
Random acts of Pizza? What's a pizza?
It's more likely to get occupation from the US military than from our own job market.
Our family had a prince that just died. He left us $20,000,000, but we can not get to his money without someone from the US sending us $5,000 for the bank to release it.
We don't have health care but cigarettes and alcohol are cheap
Couldn't mine enough diamonds for my white master today. High chance of death.
White people invaded my country and are shooting at my friends and family
Look who I ran into today!
I sold 2 iPads via forum and now I'm facing 5 years worth of jail time
Every day the tourists come and we put on our "traditional garb" and sing and dance for them. Then they leave and we get to wear our real clothes. But hey, gotta eat.
People on chatroulette next me because I'm brown and my video quality sucks
I got kicked out of my village so they could shoot "Survivor"
TIL How to read.
I have a Miami Heat NBA Champions Shirt
The Dear Leader has closed my university so that I may fight the American-led imperialist hordes.
Does this loin cloth make my swollen belly look fat?
I stepped on a rusty sheet of metal while walking across some rice paddies and cut my foot.
A fish swam up my urethra when I was taking a leak in the river
I'm still crying because Dear Leader did not come to visit my village yesterday
I loved someone who was the same gender, now I am being put to death.
Some bugs landed in my food, I ate it anyways.
I can't manage to wash the smell of goat off my hands.
I put all this time and effort into trafficking orphans and now I can't find a buyer.
People who live in the developed world get more upvotes for talking about third world problems they've never experienced than I get for talking about real third world problems I've actually lived through.
I had to wear old soccer cleats to school.
White-skinned gods raped and killed my people in order to take the worthless yellow metal we kept finding everywhere.
I am having trouble balancing a huge tank of dirty water on the top of my head
My brother's godmother is a homeless schizophrenic.
I know I should keep a well-balanced diet of rocks and stones but I have a sweet tooth for rocks.
I can't be a wallflower at school dances because there are no schools...or walls.
I'm actually a farmer and I can't get a farmer's tan because my skin is black.
my rage comic about our electricity supply while trying to use the computer
I just remortgaged my hut down to three goats and a chicken @ 30 year fixed rate.
Hyperinflation is so bad that someone stole my wheelbarrow but left the money that was in it.
The only shoes I own are Toms's.
I live in Detroit.
All of my problems are America's fault.
My village is starving because the West sporadically sends food and drives all the farmers and grocers out of business.
My city has been suffering with constant random Blackouts and Brownouts for the last month!
My village has socialized medicine, but he has a bone through his nose.
I have no idea how I'm going to shit out the branch I just ate.
The mass grave next to my village makes the village smell bad.
I don't know what reddit is.
There is a parasite in my eye that is eating my retina. I will be blind by the end of the year, because I can't afford $.25 per day for medicine.
China is intimidating my country with state-of-the-art fleets because of a territory dispute, and all we have as defense are world war 2 artifact
Someone took a shit in the watering hole again.
My radio takes sooo many turns of the handle to just stay on for 30 minutes
Some dude's bacon salad appetizer would feed my village for 6 weeks.
Today I saw an iPad
I'm so hungry
The fecal matter I use to repair my hut is too runny.
Brad and Angelina won't adopt me
My two cows eat more food than all seven of my children
I'm not a cute enough child, so the American sponsor I had stopped sending me money.
Someone at the well convinced me to emigrate to a first world country illegally with him. Now the only job I can get is as a crack whore.
The age of consent has been raised to 12. I guess I'll be waiting another year to consummate my arranged marriage.
my hands are my pockets
I only know the losing teams of major American sporting events because they ship us the hats and t-shirts they would have worn had they won.
My name is very long and cannot be pronounced using the standard Latin alphabet.
The women in my country drove for the first time the other day...
Insects are eating holes in the leaves I've been using as shelter for weeks
I can't post before/after pictures to /r/fitness because I have never been fat.
I don't have a doorbell so I have guests shake a plastic bottle filled with rocks.
The electricity went out and I'm going to miss the Seinfeld series finale when it airs this week.
I have AIDS, but all the virgins in my village have already been raped.
I'm worried I won't be able to get away from my goat herd long enough to get a Vancouver Canucks Stanley Cup Champion shirt.
When news reached the village that we were in a no fly zone everyone was very happy but it's been a few weeks now and we're all still covered in flies.
My country is being bombed and I can't catch a plane out of here because the UN will shoot it down.
My head isn't flat enough to carry bricks so i'm worthless in the workforce.
TOMS didn't have any shoes in the color I wanted (x-post from /r/firstworldproblems)
My brother's life jacket did not stop the bullets that the opposing militia fired at him, and now he's dead.
I saw a mosquito, and now the lives of my family are at risk.
They found a cavity in one of my teeth.
My garden isn't going very well [PIC]
Both my parents died of AIDS and now I have to father my 6 brothers.
The grandparents in our village only know our tribal language, and the kids only know Spanish, so they can't communicate.
My main diet is trash.
I don't have enough children to harvest my crops
Can't decide whether to install Windows 95 or Windows 98 on my US donated computer.
I don't have any food
I can't eat the bibles the missionaries gave my village.
My 8-year-old wife can't get pregnant.
The bus was full, so I had to ride outside on roof of the bus.
Africa planning fundraiser to aid UK’s drought-stricken gardeners
I use a goat as a pillow.
My third wife's clitoris looks stupid because the witch doctor screwed up her circumcision.
There is a fly on my eyeball.
I was drafted into the army today. I'm 8 and this AK-47 is as big as my body :(
My little brother just died of dysentery,
There's a finger in my Aloo Palak.
What's a buffet?
I want to go clubbing with my friends...but I'm allergic to cats.
The head of the IMF grabbed my junk.
PETA told my mother to sell all her breastmilk to make cheese in Switzerland, now my parents can't afford baby formula for me and my sister.
My foosball table in my shady dive bar only has 9 players without broken off heads or feet.
I'm running out of female relatives to honor kill.
I'm sick of being in those "Christian Charity" commercials.
the girl i married has a younger sister who is a better a cook.
My country just ordered our only ISP to shut down
I don't have a goat herd to keep me up at night...
I organised an F1 Grand-Prix to boost our country's image but I won't be able to watch it because I'm in prison for my expressing my pro-democracy feelings.
The UN donated so much food that I can't sell my crops and I can't pay my farm loan
My wife has diarrhea...... I'm going to miss her.
My husband says I'm to skinny to have a child
I can't tell if that's an insect bite or herpes.
My wife just gave birth to a healthy baby girl.